Itemlink command and integration (#7291)
rathena/rathena: doc/script_commands.txt

---------------------------------------

*itemlink(<item_id>,<refine>,<card0>,<card1>,<card2>,<card3>,<enchantgrade>{,<RandomIDArray>,<RandomValueArray>,<RandomParamArray>});

Generates an item link string for an item that can be used for npctalk, message,
dispbottom, and broadcast commands. The result is a clickable-item name just

> like SHIFT+Click from a player's inventory/cart/equipment window. In the mes
> command is still usable but the item name is not clickable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
like SHIFT+Click from a player's inventory/cart/equipment window. This command can be
used with mes but the item name will not be clickable. You should use the normal client
tags for displaying item links in mes dialogues, if the client supports them. 

```
